welcome back Wolfpack rose here and
today I'm just going to show you how to
sign up for the May international
challenge this is where it gets pretty
awesome so we wonders you want to go on
to the Pokemon Global Link sign in and
then go to your main just front page
click on online competitions it will
show you once it loads like all the
available competitions so it says
current competition sign up open for the
international challenge so you want to
click on that and wait a little more for
it to load and then just go proceed to
sign ups I've read and agree the terms
and then you just want to go and hit
enter after you do that it's gonna take
a bit more and boom you just sign up
like that and then when the let's see
I'm trying to figure out how to phrase
this then when it's time to actually
participate in the event which is from
what's the same a 15-2 may 18th when you
just us all you have to do is go on to
the pokemon online do the special or not
the special battle of the online
competition battle and after that it'll
lock your battle box and you're good to
go but that's all you need to do right
now that's how you sign up for these
online events it's a pretty easy so
after you sign up just you might want to
take a look over the rules they'll be in
the description and it's essentially a
VGC style format online international
challenge so you've got a lot of
awesomeness coming out you're going to
see a wide variety of players and you're
going to have a really good chance to
get some championship points that if you
get top 128 you get a small amount of
championship points nothing to like
really swing anything into your favorite
but still nice to show that hey I did
great an event I have championship
points this is kind of your chance of
VGC if you couldn't make it out to an
event all you need is an internet
connection and maybe if you place high
you can show yourself hey I'm a
contender I just don't have the money I
don't have the time to get out to these
events they're nowhere near me and
that's kind of what I'm going to try to
i'm going to see if I can do incredibly
well at this did you see is supposedly
where my my prime is and it's kind of
the April friendly that you can only do
twenty battles a day so three days 20
battles if you have the time you know
just drop two hours enter and see
how it goes so sign ups are now open at
this moment in time if you want to do
what I just showed into the beginning of
the video and sign up prepare your team
and get ready to play so I hope guys
enjoyed this video try to go for a good
record you know it's uh since you since
you have 60 battle max try to get all
those battles in trying to get your
scores high as possible and if you could
really just seal it i'm going to be
going for 45 out of 60 try to get a
75-percent when right I don't know how
well that'll cause me to place but I'm
trying to go for something around that I
need to start reformulating some
strategies and I think you guys to jump
on that too so I hope you guys enjoyed
the video hope it helped to see you in
the main international challenge I hope
you all have a nice day